Gravity database documentation (#150)
pi-hole/docs: docs/database/gravity.md

Pi-hole uses the well-known relational database management system SQLite3 for managing the various domains that are used to control the DNS filtering system. The database-based domain management has been added with Pi-hole v5.0.

## Domain lists

> The database furthermore stores white-, black-, and regex lists which are all directly relevant for Pi-hole's domain blocking behavior. They are stored alongside some properties such as if they are currently enabled or when they have last been modified. For a full description, see the [domain lists](gravity-lists.md) page.

Reviewer: Not sure "furthermore" is needed.

## Domain group management

> In addition to the ability to add comments to individual domains, we also offer a powerful way of managing domains through groups. Each domain can either be not added to a group ("individual"), added to exactly one group ("grouped") or can even be added and managed through multiple groups ("multi-grouped"). See [domain group management](gravity-groups.md) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the ability to add comments to individual domains, we also offer a powerful way of managing domains through groups. Each domain can be associated with no group, exactly one group, or multiple groups. See [domain group management](gravity-groups.md) for further details.
```

## Gravity Table (`gravity`)

> The `gravity` table consists of the domains that have been processed by Pi-hole's `gravity` (`pihole -g`) command. The domain in this list are the unique collection of domains sources from the configured sources (see the [`adlist` table](gravity-lists.md#adlists-table)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gravity` table consists of the domains that have been processed by Pi-hole's `gravity` (`pihole -g`) command. The domain in this list are the unique collection of domains sourced from the configured sources (see the [`adlist` table](gravity-lists.md#adlists-table)).
```

During each run of `pihole -g`, this table is flushed and completely rebuilt from the newly obtained set of domains to be blocked.

Label | Type | Uniqueness enforced | Content
----- | ---- | ------------------- | --------

> `domain` | text | Yes | Blocked domains compiled from enabled adlists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`domain` | text | Yes | Blocked domain compiled from enabled adlists
```
